Azure Static Web Apps - Replace external links with links to Azure Docs (#59680)
Azure/azure-content: articles/static-web-apps/overview.md

## What you can do with Static Web Apps

> - **Build modern JavaScript applications** with frameworks and libraries like [Angular](getting-started.md#tab/angular), [React](getting-started.md#tab/react), [Svelte](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/modules/publish-app-service-static-web-app-api/), [Vue](getting-started.md#tab/vue) with an [Azure Functions](apis.md) back-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Build modern JavaScript applications** with frameworks and libraries like [Angular](getting-started.md#tabs=angular), [React](getting-started.md#tabs=react), [Svelte](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/modules/publish-app-service-static-web-app-api/), [Vue](getting-started.md#tabs=vue) with an [Azure Functions](apis.md) back-end.
```
This fixes the document fragment key and removes the locale from the Learn URL.

Author: @craigshoemaker thanks for the review! Changes applied
